Production Incident Management:

Stakeholders:
Any software company will need to manage production incidents. On top of management of these production incidents, the corporation will
also need to gather analytics on any production incidents that have occured (such as what systems are usually effected, and what possible
sources of these production incidents are) so they can correctly direct developers to resolve the source of these issues.

Our database management service will streamline the process of collecting, monitoring, and analyzing production incidents.

Possible relations:
Product/Software (what product or application was effect by this production incident)
Department/Team (who do/did we need to contact in our company to fix this problem?)
Client (Who was affected by this incident?)
Incident (descriptions of production incidents)
Resolution Record (descriptions of production incident resolution, what the problem seemed to originate from)

Features:
>Allow tech support to file a production incident
>Middleware should automatically notify team responsible for managing the software in question
>Allow developer/team member to enter a "incident resolution" report for a given production incident
>Automatically notify the client/end user, and or tech support person in contact with the client that the issue
has been resolved.
>Allow for analytics on production incidents, such as:
	a. what products/applications have the most production incidents?
	b. what clients/end users are most affected by production incidents?
	c. what is the mean resolution time (how long it takes from a production incident being reported to resolution)

Technology:
React.js SPA
Node.js

With libraries, we can get identity going, adding a few relations

Non-Functional Issues:
We will be using Facebook's React library to build the GUI of our application. React is a popular frontend framework among web developers
because it makes the task of building an app's GUI much easier and simpler by breaking the various parts of a web page into encapsulated
components. Knowing this, the team decided to use this technology so that the team can spend more time on the backend implementation
and interactions with the database.

Along with React, the team will also use Google's Material UI framework to make our GUI more responsive to varying screen sizes
and uniform in its overall styling. Using Material UI would also make our frontend much easier to implement and thus the team can 
spend more time on the backend and database.

For the security of our app and its users, we will be using various libraries for hashing and salting user credentials, Web tokens for
keeping track of sessions and access control, and user authorization.
